1. Write a C program to find sum of two integers using function sum( ), and product of
same integers using function product( ).

2. Length and breadth of rectangle are input through the keyboard. Write a C program using
function to calculate and print area of rectangle

3. Radius of a circle is entered through the keyboard. Write a C program to print area of a
circle and circumference of a circle using functions.

4. Marks of five subjects are entered through the keyboard. Write a C program using
function to print total marks and percentile marks.

5. An integer is input through the keyboard. Write a C program using function isoddeven()
to determine whether the integer is odd or even. Modify program to take as many values
as user wants to enter.

6. Write a function factorial to calculate and print factorial of any number entered through
the keyboard.

7. Write a C program to find HCF and LCM of any two numbers entered through the
keyboard.  Highest common factor?  Lowest common multiple?

8. Any integer is input from the keyboard. Write a function to reverse an integer and print
using C language. For example if user enters 12323 then output should be 32321

9. Any year is entered though the keyboard. Write a function to print whether the year is a
leap year or not.

10. Two numbers are input through the keyboard. Write a function maxnum to determine
which number is largest between two integers.

11. Three numbers are input through the keyboard. Write a function largest to determine
which number is largest among 3 three numbers.

12. Write a general purpose function to convert any given year into its Roman equivalent. The
following table shows the roman equivalent of decimal numbers.
Decimal  Roman
1  i
5  v
10  x
50  l
100  c
500  d
1000  m

13. Write a function pow(x,y) to calculate the value of x raised to y.

14. A positive integer is input through the keyboard. Write a function to obtain the prime
factors of this number. For example prime factors of 56 are 7, 2, 2 and 2 where as prime
factors of 26 are 13 and 2.

